Add changelog notes for the next release (#6922)
helix-editor/helix: CHANGELOG.md

- Fix theme preview returning to current theme on line and word deletions ([#6694](https://github.com/helix-editor/helix/pull/6694))
- Re-run crate build scripts on changes to revision and grammar repositories ([#6743](https://github.com/helix-editor/helix/pull/6743))
- Fix crash on opening from suspended state ([#6764](https://github.com/helix-editor/helix/pull/6764))
- Fix unwrap bug in DAP ([#6786](https://github.com/helix-editor/helix/pull/6786))
- Always build tree-sitter parsers with C++14 and C11 ([#6792](https://github.com/helix-editor/helix/pull/6792), [#6834](https://github.com/helix-editor/helix/pull/6834), [#6845](https://github.com/helix-editor/helix/pull/6845))
- Exit with a non-zero statuscode when tree-sitter parser builds fail ([#6795](https://github.com/helix-editor/helix/pull/6795))
- Flip symbol range in LSP goto commands ([#6794](https://github.com/helix-editor/helix/pull/6794))
- Fix runtime toggling of the `mouse` option ([#6675](https://github.com/helix-editor/helix/pull/6675))
- Fix panic in inlay hint computation when view anchor is out of bounds ([#6883](https://github.com/helix-editor/helix/pull/6883))

> - Change Git repository discovery to worktree-only ([#6890](https://github.com/helix-editor/helix/pull/6890))

Reviewer: This is correct but a bit to technical for a changelog IMO. Instead I would describe what this actually improves (instead of how). For example:

```suggestion
- Significantly improve performance of git discovery on slow file systems ([#6890](https://github.com/helix-editor/helix/pull/6890))
```

- Improve `ayu_dark` theme ([#6622](https://github.com/helix-editor/helix/pull/6622))
- Refactor `noctis` theme multiple cursor highlighting ([96720e7](https://github.com/helix-editor/helix/commit/96720e7))
- Refactor `noctis` theme whitespace rendering and indent guides ([f2ccc03](https://github.com/helix-editor/helix/commit/f2ccc03))

Language support:

- R language server: use the `--no-echo` flag to silence output ([#6570](https://github.com/helix-editor/helix/pull/6570))
- Recognize CUDA files as C++ ([#6521](https://github.com/helix-editor/helix/pull/6521))
- Add support for Hurl ([#6450](https://github.com/helix-editor/helix/pull/6450))
- Add textobject queries for Julia ([#6588](https://github.com/helix-editor/helix/pull/6588))
- Update Ruby highlight queries ([#6587](https://github.com/helix-editor/helix/pull/6587))
- Add xsd to XML file-types ([#6631](https://github.com/helix-editor/helix/pull/6631))
- Support Robot Framework ([#6611](https://github.com/helix-editor/helix/pull/6611))
- Update Gleam tree-sitter parser ([#6641](https://github.com/helix-editor/helix/pull/6641))
- Update git-commit tree-sitter parser ([#6692](https://github.com/helix-editor/helix/pull/6692))

> - Support Cabal ([#6485](https://github.com/helix-editor/helix/pull/6485), [#6880](https://github.com/helix-editor/helix/pull/6880))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

- Flip symbol range in LSP goto commands ([#6794](https://github.com/helix-editor/helix/pull/6794))
- Fix runtime toggling of the `mouse` option ([#6675](https://github.com/helix-editor/helix/pull/6675))
- Fix panic in inlay hint computation when view anchor is out of bounds ([#6883](https://github.com/helix-editor/helix/pull/6883))
- Significantly improve performance of git discovery on slow file systems ([#6890](https://github.com/helix-editor/helix/pull/6890))
- Downgrade gix log level to info ([#6915](https://github.com/helix-editor/helix/pull/6915))
- Conserve BOM and properly support saving UTF16 files ([#6497](https://github.com/helix-editor/helix/pull/6497))
- Correctly handle completion re-request ([#6594](https://github.com/helix-editor/helix/pull/6594))
- Fix offset encoding in LSP `didChange` notifications ([#6921](https://github.com/helix-editor/helix/pull/6921))
- Change `gix` logging level to info ([#6915](https://github.com/helix-editor/helix/pull/6915))
- Improve error message when writes fail because parent directories do not exist ([#7014](https://github.com/helix-editor/helix/pull/7014))

> - Replace DAP variables popup insteading of pushing more popups ([#7034](https://github.com/helix-editor/helix/pull/7034))

Reviewer 3: insteading -> instead
